Update tiflash-configuration.md (#2678)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

## PD scheduling parameters

You can adjust the PD scheduling parameters using [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md). Note that you can use `tiup ctl pd` to replace `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port>` if using tiup to deploy and manage your cluster.

- [`replica-schedule-limit`](/pd-configuration-file.md#replica-schedule-limit): determines the rate at which the replica-related operator is generated. The parameter affects operations such as making nodes offline and add replicas.

    > **Notes:**
    >
    > The value of this parameter should be less than that of `region-schedule-limit`. Otherwise, the normal Region scheduling among TiKV nodes is affected.

> - [`store-balance-rate`](/pd-configuration-file.md#store-balance-rate): limits the region balance rate at which each store (i.e. TiKV or TiFlash) is scheduled. Note that modifying this setting only works for later added stores. If you would like to modify current sotres', use the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`store-balance-rate`](/pd-configuration-file.md#store-balance-rate): limits the rate at which Regions of each TiKV/TiFlash store are scheduled. Note that this parameter takes effect only when the stores have newly joined the cluster.
```

>     - Use command `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit <store_id> <value>` to modify a specific store's region balance rate immediately. Note that this setting inherits `store-balance-rate` if you didn't specified. You can use `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit` to check the current setting. And `store_id` can be found by `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit <store_id> <value>` command to set the scheduling rate of a specified Region. (To get `store_id`, you can execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store` command. 
    - If you do not set the scheduling rate of the specified Region, this Region inherits the value of `store-balance-rate`. 
    - You can execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit` command to view the value of `store-balance-rate`.
```

## PD scheduling parameters

> You can adjust the PD scheduling parameters using [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md). Note that you can use `tiup ctl pd` to replace `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port>` when using tiup to deploy and manage your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can adjust the PD scheduling parameters using [pd-ctl](/pd-control.md). Note that you can use `tiup ctl pd` to replace `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port>` when using tiup to deploy the cluster.
```

- [`replica-schedule-limit`](/pd-configuration-file.md#replica-schedule-limit): determines the rate at which the replica-related operator is generated. The parameter affects operations such as making nodes offline and add replicas.

    > **Notes:**
    >
    > The value of this parameter should be less than that of `region-schedule-limit`. Otherwise, the normal Region scheduling among TiKV nodes is affected.

- [`store-balance-rate`](/pd-configuration-file.md#store-balance-rate): limits the rate at which Regions of each TiKV/TiFlash store are scheduled. Note that this parameter takes effect only when the stores have newly joined the cluster. If you would like to change that setting for present stores, use the command below.

>     - Execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit <store_id> <value>` command to set the scheduling rate of a specified Region. (To get `store_id`, you can execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit <store_id> <value>` command to set the scheduling rate for Regions of a specified store. (To get `store_id`, you can execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store` command. 
```

Author: I think `for Regions` is a little redundant.

Reviewer: updated~

>     - If you do not set the scheduling rate of the specified Region, this Region inherits the value of `store-balance-rate`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you do not set the scheduling rate for Regions of a specified store, this store inherits the setting of `store-balance-rate`. 
```

>     - You can execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit` command to view the value of `store-balance-rate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - You can execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit` command to view the current setting value of `store-balance-rate`.
```

>     - You can execute the `pd-ctl -u <pd_ip:pd_port> store limit` command to view the value of `store-balance-rate`.

Reviewer: Please double check whether "查看当前设置值" and "view the value of `store-balance-rate`" mean the same thing

Author: Checked and confirmed. And maybe "view the current setting value of `store-balance-rate`" is better?

Reviewer: updated
